---
author: "Sam"
title: Camping at Paderu
weight: 10
Description: "I think it's the responsibility of a designer to try to break rules and barriers"
Type: "itineary"
startDateTime: "November 14, 2020 (Saturday) - 12:45 PM"
endDateTime: "November 15, 2020 (Sunday) - 2:30 PM (at Paderu)"
image: "https://images.pexels.com/photos/1824649/pexels-photo-1824649.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&dpr=2&h=650&w=940"
---

# About the event 
A peaceful weekend away from the constant screen-time and more of nature-time. A private campsite surrounded by mountains, peaceful views, foggy morning and trekking to and through waterfalls. No amount of adjectives can speak for the beauty or the experience. Organized with safety and yet with a sense of adventure. Limited number or participants.

**Trek difficulty:** Easy to Moderate at places

**Trail length:** 3kms in total

We at Stardust Adventures work cohesively with the local tribals in crafting this experience and also providing them an alternate source of livelihood. We are known for our authentic experiences.

**Venue** Paderu (Hukumpeta in specific)

**Dates available**  
November 14, 2020 - November 15, 2020  
November 21, 2020 - November 22, 2020  
November 28, 2020 - November 29, 2020  



## **Itinerary**

> ***Day 1 (Saturday)**  
> 12:45 PM - Assemble at Old Goshala Junction, Simhachalam  
> 01:00 PM - Start to Paderu  
> 04:00 PM - Washroom break at Paderu  
> 05:00 PM - Reach the Campsite and set up camp.  
> Settle down and enjoy the night. Enjoy some delicious dinner.  
> **Day 2 (Sunday)**  
> Wake up to a beautiful foggy sunrise and breakfast served at the campsite. 
> 05:30 AM - Wake up for Sunrise and stroll around at viewpoint  
> 08:30 AM - Breakfast  
> 09:30 AM - Hike to the Hidden Waterfall with trails passing through other waterfalls, farms, and lush green.  
> 01:00 PM - Hike ends, Delicious tribal lunch is served.  
> 02:30 PM - Trip ends*  

*Interested participants can take a drive to Dallapalli which is at a high elevation to enjoy the sunset or can head back to Vizag.*  

**Registration Details**
Price(per person) inclusive of tax: ₹2400/-

**Price includes:** 
Sanitized Camping Setup(private tents as per group and size)
Sleeping Bags for each participant
Guiding and Organizing
Dinner, Breakfast and Tribal Organic Lunch

**Price doesn't include:** Transport(Due to the ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic situation we advise you to come on your own transport). Bikes and cars will have to be parked at a greater distance if it's raining as the roads will be muddy. The round trip from Vizag will be around 250kms.

People who do not have any means of transport can book a vehicle with a driver
 
**Contact Us:** 7330880274  
**Terms & Conditions:**
Half-payment is refundable if canceled 3(three) days before the event else non-refundable. It can be transferred to one of our treks for the same fee or lower. The trek will be organized and facilitated by Stardust Adventures but participants join on their own willingness and risk. Stardust Adventures is not liable for the participant in case of an unforeseen accident.